name:               Mohammad Sirajee
ONE Card number:    1255986
Unix id:            sirajee
lecture section:    EB1
instructor's name:  Jacqueline Smith
lab section:        EH02
TA's name:          Nicolas Barriga, Shida He,
                    and Rong Feng

This program does the following:
-Print a start-up message to stdout stating the name of the executable, the
 time the program is executed and the name of the input file the program is
 run on
-Open the input file and a pipe to a child process. In case of failure trying
 to open either of the two, the program exits with EXIT_FAILURE after proper
 error handling 
-Read the input file line by line
-Check if the first string/token/word in each line matches up with one of the
 six keywords in the "little" language for graphics. If there are whitespaces
 before the first token, ignore them
-As soon as the program finds a match, it delegates the line processing
 acitivity to a function specifically written to accomplish that goal. This is
 how comments and image information get printed to stdout; image information
 is added in the memory storage; images are translated and rotated; and image
 drawing and child commands are sent to Sketchpad via the child process.
 -While performing all the abovementioned tasks, the inputs are checked for
  invalid inputs, such as - invalid tokens, incorrect number and type of
  tokens, and undefined images that require some kind of processing.
 -If an error is encountered, we stop processing the input file further. We
  print the line number (where the error was encountered) to stderr, close all
  open files and pipes, free up allocated memory space and exit the program
  with EXIT_FAILURE
-Repeat the above three steps until the program reaches the end of the file
-Close the input file, terminate the child process, free up previously
 allocated memory and exit the program

(see draw2.c and functions.c comments for more detail)

Compile by typing make.

Ensure an input file (e.g., inputfile.4) is present in
 the current directory, and run by typing

./draw2 ./inputfile.4

where inputfile.4 is a text file containg valid (and maybe some invalid) input
 for draw2.c.

I did not collaborate with anyone. However, I received valuable guidance from
 the course instructor and lab TAs.